NumberFormat V3 (#10783)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/numberformat/index.md

  - : Getter function that formats a number according to the locale and formatting options of this {{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object.
- {{jsxref("Intl/NumberFormat/formatToParts", "Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.formatToParts()")}}
  - : Returns an {{jsxref("Array")}} of objects representing the number string in parts that can be used for custom locale-aware formatting.
- {{jsxref("Intl/NumberFormat/formatRange", "Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.formatRange()")}}

>   - : Getter function that formats a range of numbers according to the locale and formatting options of this {{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Getter function that formats a range of numbers according to the locale and formatting options of the {{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object from which the method is called.
```
